- [Instructor] Transaction management is a nice
feature that Spring makes available out of the box
for automatically committing,
or rolling back transactions if they fail.
Spring makes available several implementations
of the platform transaction manager interface
for handling transactions across JDBC,
JBA, Hibernate, JMS and more.
We'll be using the JMS transaction manager in this video.
Let's quickly add some transaction management
to our course project.
Opening back up our JMS config.java class
we're going to add a new Spring Bean annotation.
We'll type
@bean
public
platform
transaction manager.
And we'll call this method our JMS
Inside of it, the method we'll return
a new JMS transaction manager.
And we'll supply it,
our connection factory method.
Now for JMS transactions there really
are only two things that can happen on rollback.
For a send on rollback the message is not sent.
For a receive however the message is re-queued
for retrieval again on the MOM.
The re-queuing of messages is broker dependent.
For active MQ on rollback you can actually configure
after a specified number of retries
to move messages to a different queue.
Which is commonly called the dead letter queue.
For a rollback to occur generally there will have to be
some sort of exception thrown in processing.
Next we need our default JMS listener container factory bean
to know about our JMS transaction manager.
We'll do this by setting the transaction manager.
Type
factory
set
transaction manager.
and we'll add our JMS transaction manager.
The last thing we need to do in this class
is annotate the class with enable transaction management.
Using this annotation enables Spring's
annotation driven transaction management capability.
Similar to the support found in Spring's XML namespace.
This means that any method that is wrapped
in @transactional will use the transaction manager
specified in the configuration like we have here.
If you have more than one transaction manager
the @transactional annotation will need to point
to the correct transaction manager.
Let's add some @transactional annotations
on our send method.
Let's open up our sender.
And type @transactional.
Let's open up our book order service.
On the method again
we'll type @transactional.
And the warehouse processing service.
We'll type @transactional.
Okay one last note.
We're not adding @transactional
on the receiver classes like the warehouse receiver.
Because this would really be redundant.
These methods already are annotated
with @JMS listener and any of our methods
that use the JMS listener automatically
pick up transaction management from
the default listener container factory.